Are you looking for some good agent skills to help you with your coding?
Check out the skills repo from PositDev.
The PositDevs have created a ton of agent skills that can help you with your development
process.
With the critical code reviewer skill, your LLM acts as a senior engineer conducting rigorous
adversarial code review with zero tolerance for mediocrity.
There's a Cordo authoring skill to help you with things like adding citations and editing
YAML, and it also helps you migrate from R Markdown to Cordo too.
And if you do a lot of R package development, there's a skill for that with DevTools, TestFad,
and Roxygen.
There are a bunch more in the repo, definitely go check them out.